Update 0x303-I3-Oracle.md (#11)
ComposableSecurity/SCSVS: 2.0/0x300-Integrations/0x303-I3-Oracle.md

| **I3.4** | Verify that, when using Uniswap V3 TWAP as price oracle, liquidity is high enough and is distributed widely across most of the price range. |
| **I3.5** | Verify that, the use a decentralized off-chain oracles unsusceptible to on-chain price manipulation attacks (e.g. Chainlink) is considered for low liquidity asset, ideally combining it with on-chain oracles to detect malicious values. |
| **I3.6** | Verify that the value you are using has had enough time to be reported as invalid and has not been. |

> | **I3.7** | Verify that there is a check for stale prices when using Chainlink Oracle |

Reviewer: Shouldn't this mention hearbeat? How do you know a price is stale?

Author: Yes indeed, the check should contain a heartbeat for the price feed but that is something more complex  for explanation, thats why I suppose that whoever read "verify that there is a stale price check" will already know the problem of this check more in depth. Also the article that I have added explains it if someone wants to check further. 

```solidity
require(block.timestamp - updatedAt <= heartbeatInterval,
  "ORACLE_HEARTBEAT_FAILED");       
```

That would be a good stale price check, including the correct heartbeat for the current price feed.
If you think that this "verify" statement can be written in a better and more understandable way, please correct it as you wish, I am totally okay with that and will be thankful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **I3.7** | Verify that there is a check for stale prices when using Chainlink Oracle (including `hearbeat` check). |
```
I would simply mention that because the check does not need to explain everything but it would be nice if it mentioned the important things that user could do research on.

> | **I3.8** | Verify that there is a check for down l2 sequencer when using Chainlink Oracle  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **I3.8** | Verify that there is a check for down L2 sequencer when using Chainlink Oracle.  |
```

> | **I3.9** | Verify that NOT the same heartbeat is used for multiple price feeds when using Chainlink Oracle |

Reviewer: Can you provide some docs on that? Why can't the same feeds have the same heartbeat?

Author: The article that I have listed below:

https://medium.com/cyfrin/chainlink-oracle-defi-attacks-93b6cb6541bf

Contains all of these including "Same Heartbeat Used For Multiple Price Feeds" problem with an example.

> | **I3.10** | Verify that the code deals with different price feeds having different decimal precision when using Chainlink Oracle  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **I3.10** | Verify that the code is aware of different decimal precision in different price feeds.  |
```

> | **I3.11** | Verify that the price feed address wherever it is located(hardcoded, deployment script) is pointing to the correct oracle price feed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **I3.11** | Verify that the price feed address, wherever it is located (e.g. hardcoded, deployment script) is pointing to the correct oracle price feed. |
```

> | **I3.12** | Verify that the code handles calls to the oracle if they potentially revert when using Chainlink Oracle |

Reviewer: Those need some rewording IMO because are not easily understandable, but that might be my English ;)
Will try to propose sth.

Author: Yes, It was hard for me to reframe them in a easily understandable way because they are not so common vulnerabilities and if you are a person who don't know them more in depth it will be hard to understand what are we saying with them. I believe the best thing will be that people read them, find out they don't know them good enough to understand and head to the article that I have listed about Chainlink Oracle Considerations where they can read further + take a look at some examples and be okay with the "Verify" list the other time.

Reviewer: I have addressed each check individually.

> | **I3.12** | Verify that the code handles calls to the oracle if they potentially revert when using Chainlink Oracle |

Reviewer: Do you mean a situation when call to price feed reverts? If so, what is the risk? The whole tx would revert right?

Reviewer: Hey @CDSecurity, just a quick reminder. Can you elaborate on that?

> | **I3.13** | Verify that the code handles the situation when oracle returns incorrect price during flash crashes when using Chainlink Oracle |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **I3.13** | Verify that the code takes into consideration a situation when the oracle returns incorrect price during flash crashes. |
```
